results/README.md, before:


# Accio ReadMe - A ReadMe Generator


## Description

This project generates a ReadMe file using prompts given through the command line. It was built using javascript, node.js, and inquirer package. It allows the user to spend less time formatting and putting together a ReadMe file for their projects by providing a template. The template is filled in using the user's input from the command line prompts. It makes constructing a ReadMe less time consuming, allowing more time to work on the project itself. This is the first time I have used node.js and inquirer. It was a steep learning curve, but I was able to produce the desired mvp.


## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [License](#license)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Questions](#questions)


## Installation

In order to run this project you will need to open the files in vs code , open the command line, and run the command 'node index.js'. You will then be presented with the command line prompts. Answer each one, and then the project will automatically generate a ReadMe file based on your answers.


## Usage




## License




## Contributing




## Tests

If you would like to test this application, you can enter a small word such as 'no' for each prompt that asks for an input. This will genereate a ReadMe that you will not end up using, but will give you an idea of what the final result will look like before you take the time to thoughtfully answer each prompt.


## Questions

Link to my Github profile:
- [autumnlegere](https://github.com/autumnlegere)

Please email me at the address below if you have any additional questions:
- [autumnlegere](mailto:autumnlegere)

Commit message:

continued editing readme for project and generated example readme file

results/README.md, after:


# Accio Readme
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Description

This project generates a ReadMe file using prompts given through the command line. It was built using javascript, node.js, and inquirer package. It allows the user to spend less time formatting and putting together a ReadMe file for their projects by providing a template. The template is filled in using the user's input from the command line prompts. It makes constructing a ReadMe less time consuming, allowing more time to work on the project itself. This is the first time I have used node.js and inquirer. It was a steep learning curve, but I was able to produce the desired mvp.


## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [License](#license)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Questions](#questions)


## Installation

This project requires that you have node.js installed on your computer.


## Usage

In order to run this project you will need to open the files in vs code , open the command line, and run the command 'node index.js'. You will then be presented with the command line prompts. Answer each one, and then the project will automatically generate a ReadMe file based on your answers.


## License

This project is covered under the following license: [License: MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)


## Contributing

[![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-2.1-4baaaa.svg)](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/1/code_of_conduct/)


## Tests

If you would like to see how the application will function before committing to it, I would encourage you to simply fill in ‘yes’ for each input prompt that comes up. Select a random license and the contributor covenant, and then see how the final readme turns out. From there you can determine if this application fits your needs and how the end result will look before committing to use it.


## Questions

Link to my Github profile:
- [username](https://github.com/username)

Please email me at the address below if you have any additional questions:
- [username@gmail.org](mailto:username@gmail.org)
